---
layout: post
title: 在学习英语写作
category: 学习
comments: true
tags: 学英语
---


#### 2016-11-06
&emsp;&emsp;开始在作文批改网站上练习写作，效果挺好的。

---
**Job Application for the English editor**

Dear Sir or Madam:

&emsp;On hearing of an English editor job is vacant in your company, I can not help to write this letter to apply for the position.

&emsp;To begin with, I will state some reasons for my application. Firstly, I am a graduate student of Beijing University major in foreign language for four years with heavy interests in English. There is one more point that I have attended a lot of English competitions and win a number of awards which proves excellent ability in English. What is more, I have been to Princeton University where I obtained huge progresses of English communicating in the third year of my university as an exchange student and I also knew much more English culture deeply at the same time.

&emsp;At the end of the letter, I am looking forward to a chance to work as an English editor so I will appreciate it if you can give me response promptly. I believe that I can fulfill the requirements in your company.

&emsp;Your sincerely,

&emsp;Li Ming.


#### 2016-11-07
Dear Sir or Madam,

&emsp;I am glad that the refrigerator I ordered arrived on time. But It is a great pity that I found that there is something erroneous about it. Here follows the situations.

&emsp;After used several days, it began to make noise at working and that confused me a lot. The noise happened from time to time and kept for about 30 second each time. At the beginning, the noise was not so sensible that caught my attention but it gradually became unbearable when it became louder in the following days and what even worse was the noise kept bothering me at deep night. It is evident that this problem has affected my normal life. I have no idea of figuring out the root of the annoying noise that is why I am writing this letter to inform you. I will appreciate it provides that you provide a solution to find what is going wrong and mend the machine as soon as possible.

&emsp;Would you please let me know whether or not you can send a repairman as soon as possible? I hope that my issue will get your kind consideration.

Yours faithfully,

Li Ming.

> 还是明显感到了对英语表达的陌生。看来练习和积累是必要的。这篇系统只给了61分，A disappointing issue.


#### 2016-11-10

Nov, 2016

Dear Students,

&emsp;Well come to our university to begin a new life! Here follow some issues about how to use the library including several critical points for your future study. So please pay attention.

&emsp;Firstly, you are excepted to enter the library with you ID card or you may have trouble to the gate. Secondly, students are excepted to keep quiet to create a good study environment which is helpful for an effective learning. What is more, everyone has duty to keep clean in the study room for that reason please keep out your food or something may contaminate the public space. Lastly, you will get a guide book which includes more details about our library and you can get the most information you want to know by reading that.

&emsp;Keep me informed whenever you have any question and you can get a prompt response. Hope you have a pleasant time!

Yours sincerely,

Li Ming

> 今天好累，还要备战双11.


#### 2016-11-11

&emsp;&emsp;总是关注成功者会让人变得浮躁，看了希拉里的败选演讲，落选的悲伤足以穿透屏幕，努力保持的微笑让我更能体会到她的辛酸。摘录于此。


Last night, I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country. I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans. This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for and I’m sorry that we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country.

...

I know how disappointed you feel because I feel it too, and so do tens of millions of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort. This is painful and it will be for a long time, but I want you to remember this. Our campaign was never about one person or even one election, it was about the country we love and about building an America that’s hopeful, inclusive and big-hearted.

...

Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power and we don’t just respect that, we cherish it. It also enshrines other things; the rule of law, the principle that we are all equal in rights and dignity, freedom of worship and expression. We respect and cherish these values too and we must defend them.

...

Now — and let me add, our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years but all the time. So let’s do all we can to keep advancing the causes and values we all hold dear; making our economy work for everyone not just those at the top, protecting our country and protecting our planet and breaking down all the barriers that hold any American back from achieving their dreams.

...

So now, our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.

...

We — we thank you for your graceful, determined leadership that has meant so much to so many Americans and people across the world.

...

And to the young people in particular, I hope you will hear this. I have, as Tim said, spent my entire adult life fighting for what I believe in. I’ve had successes and I’ve had setbacks. Sometimes, really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional public and political careers. You will have successes and setbacks, too.

This loss hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it.

...

And so we need — we need you to keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives.

...

Because, you know — you know, I believe we are stronger together and we will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that. You know, scripture tells us, “Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap if we do not lose heart.”

So my friends, let us have faith in each other, let us not grow weary, let us not lose heart, for there are more seasons to come. And there is more work to do.

I am incredibly honored and grateful to have had this chance to represent all of you in this consequential election.

...

[原始链接，被墙了](http://time.com/4564480/read-hillary-clintons-concession-speech-full-transcript/)

#### 2016-11-13
Dear Mr. Byron,
&emsp;I am a senior of Department of Business. I am writing this letter in purpose of applying the recently advertised position for a staff member.

&emsp;I am sure that I am qualified for it. Frist, enclosed with this letter is my resume which details my academic qualification and work experience. Second, not only my qualification and experience make me a perfect candidate for it, my cheerful personality is well suited for a staff member. Last, I do have a bound of interest about the job.

&emsp;Finaly, I will appreciate it if you can grant me an interview so that I could explain in more details in person the relevance of my educational background and working experiences.

Yours sincerely,
Zhang wei

> 发展中国家因为具有更多的人口和更快的发展速度，所以展现出了巨大的市场潜力

> Developing countries show great market potential since the larger population and faster development

#### 2016-11-20

&emsp;Given constant advancements of technology, cell phones affect inter personal relationship with an unanticipated consequence.

&emsp;As smart phone seep into public and private contexts, additional opportunities for conflict emerge.

&emsp;As smart phones become more integrated into daily social life, conflict may arise with unintended situations.

&emsp;As the quality of emotional interaction between people suffer an annoying dramatic deterioration, more and more people arrive an approval that people should shut down mobile phones when being with friends or relatives.

#### 2016-11-20

To Be a Dreamer Again

&emsp;A girl in the picture is thinking about questions in text book with a pencil in her hand. A line below the book written saying, dreams are still needed provided one day they can come true.

&emsp;It tells us that as more and more conflicts putting a mountain of stress to us, we still need to grasp the hope and chances to achieve our dreams.

&emsp;Nowadays most people around us are suffering from higher pressure both in working and study life which gives rise to a disappointing result that many people are too busy to insist on the initial dreams and only work like a walk-dead without soul and passion day-by-day. When people are young, they all have a lot of fantasies about the future. They think they can make a career when they graduate from university and even change the world using their knowledge and hard working. But when they get in job they only find endless rules and endless deadline to meet. The life is far more tough than imagination. The drawing which appeals to us to reactivate our dreams just gives us the courage and power to cure the scar in heart and chase our dreams because only in this way can we make it possible to change our life profoundly. So just like the line says, never lose heart about your dream so you will have a chance to achieve it.

> Feel really tired. 感觉好累，但又不能停下来。 32 days left.

#### 2016-11-22
【背诵】

Dear Mr. Wang,

&emsp;I am much grateful to be employed by you two months ago as an editor of your magazine Design & Fashions. I appreciate the opportunity of having work with you and other colleagues. The experience will be unforgettable throughout my life.

&emsp;However, as a young man whose primary interest is in computer science rather than fashion designing, I find my present job doesn't fall in with my previous training and strength, I therefore decide to quit this job for something else that may comfort to my former preparation.

&emsp;Please accept my sincere apologies for any inconvenience my leaving may cause.

&emsp;&emsp;Yours truly,

&emsp;&emsp;Li Ming.

> 应试英语最好的方法还是背诵，虽然看起来笨，但是聪明的人背的更快记得更牢。

#### 2016-11-23
【背诵】

&emsp;Here is a line chart, clear and accurate. The line chart records the sales performances of a product in two European companies between 2009 and 2010. As is clearly recorded, the sales performances of both companies have witnessed obvious changes, especially the sale performance of company B experienced a dramatic change, jump from 40 million dollars to 80 million dollars during the third quarter of 2009 while drop back to 40 million dollars in the next quarter. In comparison, the fluctuation of company A is relatively slighter.

&emsp;It is not hard to find some possible factors accounting for this phenomenon. On the top of the list is that competition is always so much in the business field. That is why the sales performances of both companies have ups and downs in this graph, and no one can win forever. On another level, the quality or the ways of marketing are changing in the two. Since we see that in the middle of the chart, when company B is rocketing to the top value while the counterpart falls to the bottom.

&emsp;In conclusion, as the game goes on, the two companies will find more powerful ideas to promote their products, and this established trend will continue for a longer span in the years to come.

> 不太熟悉的内容，需要花更多时间背诵。


#### 2016-11-26
【背诵】

&emsp;What is clearly presented in the above pie chart is the proportion of residents' consumption during the Spring Festival in a certain city of China. The consumption of new year presents is the highest among four categories, at about 40%. Meanwhile, the proportions of transportation are of the same as that of dinar parties and others, at about 20%. Interestingly, the consumption of presents is twice of that they spend on other categories.

&emsp;It is not difficult to come up with some factors accounting for this phenomenon. On the one hand, with the rapid development of economy, people live an affluent life. Solid economic foundation enables them to send valuable presents to their relatives, friends and bosses. On the other hand, it is a time-honored custom and courtesy to send gifts on a festival. As the idiom goes, "Courtesy on one side cannot last long". Therefore, reciprocity contributes to the Spring Festival consumption.

&emsp;Given the analyses above, I firmly believe that sending presents should be upheld. However, residents should bear in mind that hard work and plain living is also our traditional virtue. Great importance should be attached to rationalize consumption, combat extravagance and waste of festival presents.

> 突然感觉好长.....下次就该复习之前的了

#### 2016-11-28
【背诵】

&emsp;As can be seen from the bar chart above, the population aging over 60 years old in China has increased markedly from 2000 and will continue to grow in the coming decades. From the statistics given in diagram, we estimate that there were 120 million aged people in 2000, accounting for about 10% of the total population, while it will shoot up to 450 million in 2050, approximately 35% of the total.

&emsp;From my point of view, the government, society and the children of the old should care for the old all together. Only one or two parties' involvement will not be enough, How well we handle this social issue reflects the degree of civilization of our country. To begin with, all citizens with income pay taxes to the government, so the authority is obliged to ensure a stable and happy life of its people. In addition, society, including companies, associations and organizations, should play a positive role in helping the aged people, both financially and spiritually. Last but not least, the children of the elderly should be responsible for their parents, because they have not only brought them into the world, but also raised them to be useful citizens.

&emsp;In conclusion, I suggest that the whole society should create an environment conducive to the happy life of the old people. No one can escape the obligation.

#### 2016-12-09
[背诵]
Dear ---

&emsp; Many college students have no concept of thrift in their mind. They take it for granted that they can spend the money provided by their parents before they enter into society.

&emsp;This extravagance spending is caused by the following factors. First of all, Nowadays most of the students are the only child of their families. They are the apple in their family's eyes and naturally get more care and pocket money. In addition, with the improvement of living standards, parents can afford higher expenditure of their children.

&emsp;From my point of view, a college student, as a pure consumer, should learn to be thrifty. We should limit our expenditure on daily necessities and not buy whatever we want regardless of their prices. The habit of thrift can help us form right values and is favorable to our future development.

#### 2016-12-11

【亲笔】邀请函

Dear classmates,

&emsp;I am writing this letter to invite you to a charity to be held on January 5th 2013. All the money donated from the charity will be used to keep the kids in poor valley educated and the whole project will be totally under supervision on the internet. As the monitor of our class, I am calling on all students to take part in it.

&emsp;We beg for as much contribution as you can afford there for we can set up a fund to support the kids' tuition fees. Only with enough donation can the project produces enough effects.

&emsp;As a nation with traditional virtues, we Chinese people have been giving a helping hand to those who are in distress throughout history. As a idiom goes, "Helping others to enjoy yourself". Please contribute generously.

#### 2016-12-17
【应用文】欢迎 建议

My dear friends,

&emsp;I, on behalf of the students' union,want to extend my warm welcome to you. I am happy that you have chosen to complete your college education in our university in China.

&emsp;To help you live a happy and successful life here, I'd like to offer several suggestions. You should, I think, first seize every chance to study and learn Chinese - the language necessary for you to follow lessons and exchange idea with your Chinese professors. Besides overcoming language barriers, you should also make efforts to relieve the cultural shock. You are advised to make more Chinese friends to quickly and truly understand Chinese culture. It is also advisable to learn Chinese culture through travelling around of from books, films and museums.

&emsp;I hope my suggestions will be helpful and wish all of you a fulfilling college life here.

#### 2016-12-21

Dear Jack,

&emsp;Thanks a lot for your warm congratulation. I am rather glad to share my experience on translation learning with you.

&emsp;Firstly, keep interest your best friends. Only with enough interest can you obtain much joy in learning and you can easily do better than those who just read the book without passion. Secondly, make translation your daily routine. Try transfer anything you meet into another language. Finally, persistence is the only way to be excellent. Keep practicing and you will be rewarded by time.

&emsp;Hope my experience helpful to you.

Yours sincerely,
Li Ming

---

&emsp;The pie chart above clearly illustrates the proportion of travel purpose of students in a certain university of China. As is recorded by statistics, the proportion of sightseeing is the highest among five categories, at 37%. Unexpectedly, the proportion of relieving pressure is also large, at 33%.

&emsp;It is not hard to come up with some factors accounting for this phenomenon. First of all, college students are facing much more challenge both from study and society. With the dramatic competition, there are more and more students feeling exhausted after a long time of pushing study work. In addition, college students feel bored with the school life. Therefore they chose to go outside to find another place to satisfy their curiosity.

&emsp;In conclusion, college students are in their best time to promote themselves. Taking a rest after a period of hard work can help them to keep emotional healthy and energetic.
